follow-up docs (#685)
higlass/higlass: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Unit tests added or updated
- [ ] Documentation added or updated
- [ ] Example added or updated

> - [ ] Update schema.json if there are structural changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update schema.json if there are changes to the viewconf JSON structure format
```
